= Irssi Scripts =

These scripts are products of my work for my favorite IRC client,
[[http://irssi.org|Irssi]]. If you are new to Irssi, you also may want to read
my [[articles/irssi|guide to Irssi and GNU screen]].

Also, some scripts listed have comments and documentation listed at the top of
the files. Note this documentation.

These scripts are hosted on [[http://github.com|GitHub]]. The repository can be cloned with:

{{{
git clone git://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts.git
}}}

Alternatively, the code can be viewed on GitHub: [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts]]

== BitlBee ==

=== bitlbee_autoreply.pl ===

{{projects/irssiscripts/bitlbee_autoreply.png?|bitlbee_autoreply.pl}}

| [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/raw/master/bitlbee_autoreply.pl|bitlbee_autoreply.pl]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/blob/master/bitlbee_autoreply.pl|view source]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/commits/master/bitlbee_autoreply.pl|revision history]] |

Sends an auto-reply message to AIM users when they send you messages while you
are away. Auto-replies are sent once an hour per nick. There is also an option
to notify the user of the length of your awayness. This is done by including
//(away: 5 minutes and 3 seconds)// at the end of the auto-reply.

=== bitlbee_html.pl ===

{{projects/irssiscripts/bitlbee_html.png?411|bitlbee_html.pl}}

| [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/raw/master/bitlbee_html.pl|bitlbee_html.pl]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/blob/master/bitlbee_html.pl|view source]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/commits/master/bitlbee_html.pl|revision history]] |

One of my more involved creations. Incoming HTML from AIM connections will be parsed into readable control codes. Links are also parsed into readable text. An option exists replacing outgoing control codes with appropriate HTML. Read the comments at the top of the file to learn more. **Requires Bitlbee 1.0+**

=== bitlbee_status_notice.pl ===

{{projects/irssiscripts/bitlbee_status_notice.png?411|bitlbee_status_notice.pl}}

| [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/raw/master/bitlbee_status_notice.pl|bitlbee_status_notice.pl]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/blob/master/bitlbee_status_notice.pl|view source]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/commits/master/bitlbee_status_notice.pl|revision history]] |

A buddy tracking system for Bitlbee and Irssi.

=== bitlbee_typing_notice.pl ===

{{projects/irssiscripts/bitlbee_typing_notice.png?411|bitlbee_typing_notice.pl}}

| [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/raw/master/bitlbee_typing_notice.pl|bitlbee_typing_notice.pl]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/blob/master/bitlbee_typing_notice.pl|view source]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/commits/master/bitlbee_typing_notice.pl|revision history]] |

Show typing notifications in irssi. This script is co-developed with
[[http://the-timing.nl|timing]], and a newer version may be available on
[[http://the-timing.nl/stuff/irssi-bitlbee|his site]].

== Miscellaneous ==

=== anames.pl ===

| [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/raw/master/anames.pl|anames.pl]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/blob/master/anames.pl|view source]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/commits/master/anames.pl|revision history]] |

Creates an {{{/anames}}} command that will read away information for users in a
particular channel and display a {{{/names}}}-like output with the away users grayed out.

=== automode.pl ===

| [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/raw/master/automode.pl|automode.pl]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/blob/master/automode.pl|view source]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/commits/master/automode.pl|revision history]] |

No-maintenance, learning, auto-op/auto-voice/auto-halfop, nick mode
maintainer.

=== grumble.pl ===

| [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/raw/master/grumble.pl|grumble.pl]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/blob/master/grumble.pl|view source]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/commits/master/grumble.pl|revision history]] |

Provides sane integration of Irssi with [[http://growl.info|Growl]] and
[[http://www.mumbles-project.org/|Mumbles]], which both support the
[[http://growl.info/documentation/developer/protocol.php|Growl network protocol]]. This script uses
[[http://search.cpan.org/perldoc?Net%3A%3AGrowl|Net::Growl]] to deliver notifications of hilights and private messages to multiple targets simultaneously while maintaining privacy.

=== hilightcmd.pl ===

| [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/raw/master/hilightcmd.pl|hilightcmd.pl]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/blob/master/hilightcmd.pl|view source]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/commits/master/hilightcmd.pl|revision history]] |

Run a command (such as a shell script that executes a series of
[[http://www.johnath.com/beep|beep]]s) when you are hilighted. It also has a
setting to not run the command when you are away.

=== hilight_notice.pl ===

| [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/raw/master/hilight_notice.pl|hilight_notice.pl]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/blob/master/hilight_notice.pl|view source]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/commits/master/hilight_notice.pl|revision history]] |

Changes the msglevel of notices to that used by private messages. This means
that the status window will be hilighted like a query when a notice is
received.

=== rtm.pl ===

| [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/raw/master/rtm.pl|rtm.pl]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/blob/master/rtm.pl|view source]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/commits/master/rtm.pl|revision history]] |

Add new tasks to [[http://www.rememberthemilk.com|rememberthemilk.com]] through Irssi.

=== socket-interface.pl ===

| [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/raw/master/socket-interface.pl|socket-interface.pl]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/blob/master/socket-interface.pl|view source]] | [[http://github.com/msparks/irssiscripts/commits/master/socket-interface.pl|revision history]] |

Control and get information from Irssi via a Unix socket. This script is not as
complete as it could (or should) be, but it allows for external programs to
send commands to Irssi easily.

== Themes ==

Not really scripts, but useful.

=== fear.theme ===

| [[http://static.quadpoint.org/irssi/fear.theme|fear.theme]] |

Blueish.

=== fear2.theme ===

{{http://archive.quadpoint.org/screenshots/irssi20051016.png?411|fear2.theme}}

| [[http://static.quadpoint.org/irssi/fear2.theme|fear2.theme]] |

Greenish.
